# Rarity factor to find ores when sieving with the Gravel Sieve
# 1.0 is according to the mapgen generator 
# 2.0 means half as many ores as result
# 0.5 means twice as many ores as result
default_ore_rarity (Rarity factor to find ores) float 1


#Sets the full bow charging time in seconds
bow_full_charge_time (Bow charge time) string 3

#Sets the lifetime in seconds, after the arrow touches the ground or a wall
bow_lifetime_arrow (Arrow Lifetime) string 60



#Green kelps' sand's max height
sea_plants_sand_kelp_green_max (Green kelps' sand's max height) int -14

#Green kelps' sand's min height
sea_plants_sand_kelp_green_min (Green kelps' sand's min height) int -31000

#Green kelps' dirt's max height
sea_plants_dirt_kelp_green_max (Green kelps' dirt's max height) int -14

#Green kelps' dirt's min height
sea_plants_dirt_kelp_green_min (Green kelps' dirt's min height) int -31000

#Brown kelps' sand's max height
sea_plants_sand_kelp_brown_max (Brown kelps' sand's max height) int -14

#Brown kelps' sand's min height
sea_plants_sand_kelp_brown_min (Brown kelps' sand's min height) int -31000

#Brown kelps' dirt's max height
sea_plants_dirt_kelp_brown_max (Brown kelps' dirt's max height) int -14

#Brown kelps' dirt's min height
sea_plants_dirt_kelp_brown_min (Brown kelps' dirt's min height) int -31000

#Green grasses' sand's max height
sea_plants_sand_sea_grass_green_max (Green grasses' sand's max height) int -14

#Green grasses' sand's min height
sea_plants_sand_sea_grass_green_min (Green grasses' sand's min height) int -31000

#Green grasses' dirt's max height
sea_plants_dirt_sea_grass_green_max (Green grasses' dirt's max height) int -14

#Green grasses' dirt's min height
sea_plants_dirt_sea_grass_green_min (Green grasses' dirt's min height) int -31000

#Red grasses' sand's max height
sea_plants_sand_sea_grass_red_max (Red grasses' sand's max height) int -14

#Red grasses' sand's min height
sea_plants_sand_sea_grass_redn_min (Red grasses' sand's min height) int -31000

#Red grasses' dirt's max height
sea_plants_dirt_sea_grass_red_max (Red grasses' dirt's max height) int -14

#Red grasses' dirt's min height
sea_plants_dirt_sea_grass_red_min (Red grasses' dirt's min height) int -31000

#Green kelps' sand's ABM interval 
sea_plants_sand_kelp_green_interval (Green kelps' sand's ABM interval) int 12

#Green kelps' sand's ABM chance
sea_plants_sand_kelp_green_chance (Green kelps' sand's ABM chance) int 12

#Green kelps' dirt's ABM interval
sea_plants_dirt_kelp_green_interval (Green kelps' dirt's ABM interval) int 12

#Green kelps' dirt's ABM chance
sea_plants_dirt_kelp_green_chance (Green kelps' dirt's ABM chance) int 12

#Green kelps' ABM interval
sea_plants_kelp_green_interval (Green kelps' ABM interval) int 6

#Green kelps' ABM chance
sea_plants_kelp_green_chance (Green kelps' ABM chance) int 3

#Brown kelps' sand's ABM interval 
sea_plants_sand_kelp_brown_interval (Brown kelps' sand's ABM interval) int 12

#Brown kelps' sand's ABM chance
sea_plants_sand_kelp_brown_chance (Brown kelps' sand's ABM chance) int 12

#Brown kelps' dirt's ABM interval
sea_plants_dirt_kelp_brown_interval (Brown kelps' dirt's ABM interval) int 12

#Brown kelps' dirt's ABM chance
sea_plants_dirt_kelp_brown_chance (Brown kelps' dirt's ABM chance) int 12

#Brown kelps' ABM interval
sea_plants_kelp_brown_interval (Brown kelps' ABM interval) int 6

#Brown kelps' ABM chance
sea_plants_kelp_brown_chance (Brown kelps' ABM chance) int 3

#Green grasses' sand's ABM interval 
sea_plants_sand_sea_grass_green_interval (Green grasses' sand's ABM interval) int 12

#Green grasses' sand's ABM chance
sea_plants_sand_sea_grass_green_chance (Green grasses' sand's ABM chance) int 12

#Green grasses' dirt's ABM interval
sea_plants_dirt_sea_grass_green_interval (Green grasses' dirt's ABM interval) int 12

#Green grasses' dirt's ABM chance
sea_plants_dirt_sea_grass_green_chance (Green grasses' dirt's ABM chance) int 12

#Red grasses' sand's ABM interval 
sea_plants_sand_sea_grass_red_interval (Red grasses' sand's ABM interval) int 12

#Red grasses' sand's ABM chance
sea_plants_sand_sea_grass_redn_chance (Red grasses' sand's ABM chance) int 12

#Red grasses' dirt's ABM interval
sea_plants_dirt_sea_grass_red_interval (Red grasses' dirt's ABM interval) int 12

#Red grasses' dirt's ABM chance
sea_plants_dirt_sea_grass_red_chance (Red grasses' dirt's ABM chance) int 12